[FLINK-21407][doc][formats] Add formats to DataStream connectors doc (#17640)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/connectors/datastream/formats/parquet.md

---
title:  "Parquet"
weight: 4
type: docs
aliases:
- /dev/connectors/formats/parquet.html
- /apis/streaming/connectors/formats/parquet.html
---
<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

> # Parquet formats

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Parquet format
```

Author: Well actually there are several `ParquetRowInputFormat`, `ParquetPojoInputFormat`, `ParquetAvroInputFormat`, hence the plural.

Reviewer: Are they not different implementations to read the same Parquet format? There's only 1 Parquet format specification I would guess (also looking at https://github.com/apache/parquet-format ?)

Author: Yes they read the same way the parquet files (ParquetReader impl is common), they just output different object types (Avro GenericRecords, Flink Row or java Pojo). So they are considered the same format then ?

> Flink has extensive built-in support for [Apache Parquet](http://parquet.apache.org/). This allows to easily read from Parquet files with Flink. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flink has built-in support for [Apache Parquet](http://parquet.apache.org/). This allows to read and write Parquet data with Flink. 
```

> Be sure to include the Flink Parquet dependency to the pom.xml of your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use the Parquet format the following dependencies are required for projects using a build automation tool (such as Maven or SBT).
```
